#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt setup.cfg
#
absl-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-probability
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
atomicwrites==1.4.1
    # via pytest
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tensorflow-privacy
bleach==5.0.1
    # via readme-renderer
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
category-encoders==2.5.0
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via nltk
cloudpickle==2.1.0
    # via tensorflow-probability
colorama==0.4.5
    # via
    #   click
    #   loguru
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via tensorflow-probability
dill==0.3.5.1
    # via
    #   multiprocess
    #   pathos
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
    #   tensorflow-datasets
dm-tree==0.1.7
    # via
    #   tensorflow-privacy
    #   tensorflow-probability
docutils==0.19
    # via readme-renderer
etils[epath]==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
fastavro==1.5.1
    # via pandavro
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.34.4
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.5.3
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
google-api-core==2.8.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.9.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.4.0
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
google-crc32c==1.3.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.3.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.56.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.47.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.7.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   click
    #   keyring
    #   markdown
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   twine
importlib-resources==5.8.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   tensorflow-datasets
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
keras==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
keyring==23.7.0
    # via twine
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lazy==1.4
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
libclang==14.0.1
    # via tensorflow
loguru==0.6.0
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via tensorflow-privacy
multiprocess==0.70.13
    # via pathos
names-dataset==1.9.0
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
nltk==3.7
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pandavro
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-probability
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.2.5
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   pandavro
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
pandavro==1.7.0
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
pathos==0.2.9
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
patsy==0.5.2
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
pillow==9.2.0
    # via matplotlib
pkginfo==1.8.3
    # via twine
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pox==0.3.1
    # via pathos
ppft==1.7.6.5
    # via pathos
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pytest==7.1.2
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via pandas
pywin32-ctypes==0.2.0
    # via keyring
readme-renderer==35.0
    # via twine
regex==2022.7.9
    # via nltk
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==12.5.1
    # via twine
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==0.23.2
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
scipy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
    #   tensorflow-privacy
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   patsy
    #   ppft
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-probability
statsmodels==0.13.2
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.8.0
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
tensorflow-datasets==4.6.0
    # via
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
    #   tensorflow-privacy
tensorflow-estimator==2.7.0
    # via
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
    #   tensorflow-privacy
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.26.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.9.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-privacy==0.7.3
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
tensorflow-probability==0.16.0
    # via
    #   syngen (setup.cfg)
    #   tensorflow-privacy
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
tf-estimator-nightly==2.8.0.dev2021122109
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tensorflow-datasets
twine==4.0.1
    # via syngen (setup.cfg)
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   kiwisolver
    #   rich
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
urllib3==1.26.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   twine
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
win32-setctime==1.1.0
    # via loguru
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

